404 Future Not Found

I formed my language around the outline of a city.
You can see, if you squint, the horizon
my words
slither round. The neon signs
luster of the life I wanted to live.

I grew up on the wrong end of a sunrise.
Musty rooms and yellow
wallpaper flickered in the light of computer screens,
a horizon of screen blue.

Yet I arrived in this future.
The streets of my city
all abandoned, the horizon of screen blue
not a peace dove over the ocean, but a
neon fire. 


Mountain spine 

Tell me how to bury this grief.
If not human, I would be
a mountain, and I would shift the
earth to curl
around your spine again. Our love
easy and set in stone. 


Shedding Skin

I’ve gone and changed my name
it is the witchcraft of women and change. Girlhood is defining,
but not all encompassing. I shed it
again and again, old skin becomes new flesh
and this time there are no blushing blood rituals of youth,
or daisy chain teeth to bite onto a spring lover.
There are no bandaid promises
to be put on skinned knees and hurt hearts,
or grins dropped into glasses where plausible denial hides.
The milk is fresh in my mouths, but the tongue
old and knows the sour notes of curdling.
Cat scratches linger for weeks and become purple,
the skin around my eyes mark
maps from summer to summer and this one
is a deep furrow while the last August sun clings on.
But I’m painting moonbeams on my face
and I've taken a new name
given the old one back to my mother, and thanked her for it.
The mother I have a crib for in my heart
who has changed her name before in ways of dancing
and running, in fighting and persevering.
I took mine from the woods, and the child
and her red coloured dreams of kissing and chasing.
I take the dream into my grown mouth
to caress each corner of it, let it flow down my throat
and settle between my teeth.
It is the privilege of women to change our names
and our skin, and the way we stalk
the woods chasing each other, mouths red
and teeth bared.

Shedding
Hey,
is that your skin?
Are you sure? Did you make it yourself
from scraps of love letters and marks left behind
from kisses made by men who barely knew your name,
like it was scrawled on a wall
in a bar? Do you feel see through some days?
In your skin? Sometimes I think I see my heartbeat
like blue bubbles on my throat travelling softly
upwards. You know? Do you believe your skin
will stay forever? Mine didn’t, I keep having to build it
anew, and anew. When my love left I spent the entire summer
shedding in big flakes
in a heatwave in London, you know, scorched and hardened soil. It hurt.
It did, at the end of the world
when the sun burnt everything away and I was a mass of memories
holding a suitcase.
look at me now! I’m all new,
I can barely feel the seams anymore where it’s covered
in nettle leafs and egg shells, juice cartoon pieces,
blonde and braided hair and bitemarks.
And my heart, look at my heart I didn’t leave it.
I found it
on the ground by the station some years ago. I used to carry it with me
but now I forget it a lot. I don’t know why
it’s harder to remember some things after the burning,
and the shedding. I’m trying,
I draw binding sigils on my stomach sometimes
to keep it all together.
There was a time when I lived in a tower
and I dreamt of the ocean a lot.
I never dream of the ocean anymore. I suppose
it lived in my skin
that I shed. And I think it’s happening again,
look there’s a small opening right here.
Like a crack in the concrete. 

A Story Of Sphinxes
It’s easy to be a myth with you,
It’s easy to be the alley cat, princess of pigeon, she who walks Camden and eats chips,
heavy boots and heavy bags, we walk these streets like chimeras.
My hand wrapped around yours, we’re half alive and half stories we tell ourselves.
Looking for the history of the dying city where it has not yet been amputated
and chromed, we travel the shadow routes, the hidden bricks,
old graffiti keys and poster shaped doorways, it’s easy here. Easy to take you by the neck
and dip you down because I’ve always been so good at being hungry.
We drink out of grease stained glasses and I breathe sigils into paper coffee mugs while you watch and measure the tremble in my hands, so that
I do not shake apart.
So we come back here to the inbetween when we meet, where we’re tattered at the edges
and age with the bricks still standing, part of the myth, and the music, part of the decaying beauty, where we’re young enough to be lovers and old enough to be gods. 
Sisters
























  
My big sister has stopped smoking and I’m growing my hair out,
I wake before 8 and shower some days, like today.
My little sister crochets beautiful things and I’m growing my hair out,
Most days I eat three times a day.
My big sister got married and I’m growing my hair out,
I don’t drink coffee until I shake and shake and can’t stop.
My little sister has a steady job right out of uni and I’m growing my hair out,
some days I remember my mood is like the weather here and I stay inside.
My big sister owns several sturdy coats and shoes and I’m growing my hair out,
I attend lectures and speak to my professors about bright plans.
My little sister owns a sewing machine and I’m growing my hair out,
I own three outfits for different occasions and I make sure one is clean.
My big sister carves foxes from wood and I’m growing my hair out,
I’ve bluetacked all the art I own to the wall of my room.
And I wake up most days before noon, I eat, and sometimes
I still make too much coffee, and sometimes I still
follow honeyed words home instead of going to lectures.
And I know
my blessings are spread out on the floor amongst the laundry,
to be picked up and cleaned, and folded away.
And I’m growing my hair out
because it no longer feels like a clean slate will save this,
‘cause sometimes you need a messy surface to remember where
to sit down and work.
And my sisters' hands in their work don’t stop, so I pick up my pen
and I’m growing my hair out
Grip
We’re in a car and I do not touch him.
His right hand limp on the gear stick, the spaces between his fingers
empty of mine where they would entwine and encircle.
My left hand dances a series of aborted movements on my leg,
palm up like a surrender. I do not touch him
in this moments of the unbecoming, separating us
is so hard even my skin feels raw from where
I do not have his near. We talk of quiet things and I look
to the landscape beyond this moment to where I will be undressed
and every inch of me will not remember the feel of his hands, now clutching the
steering wheel, now reaching for me in a half movement.
A second his hand forgot and I wish to yell
and scream and throw a tantrum at the shadow of this movement.
But the country blurs outside the window and the present passes
me by until it is the past
and I am no longer there. I lie awake some nights and think
about everything I have held in my hands
since his hands. 

Paradise Crumbled
A city sublime in how it decays
and rebuild.
We imagined Eden in wires and neon lights,
we extrapolated on utopia and came up with
how one must imagine Sisyphus as a commuter -
mans endless chase towards fulfillment makes man,
alive? No?
Tell me then
the stories we told each other around the campfires, were there not
monsters in the woods?
The trees are planted deliciously in square meters of fresh air.
Here Eden feeds the pigeons and rats the crab-apples
of stunted growth, here a woman breaks up with a man she just met
between the benches strategically placed to wait.
Wait.
Go.
Don’t come back, run as fast as you can from corner to corner, we know
still the feeling of being chased by animals.
I dreamed once of dragons when I fell asleep on the tube,
traveling I don’t know how fast through tunnels. Fast. Fast.
The crumbling of paradise quickens in the hand of the young.
In the mouth of the old, bitter coffee brewed first in a desert
far away from metropolis.
We have centralized happiness, are you not pleased with our
tower of babels? They hum
the tune of a lost lullaby. And we sleep, and we sleep
heavy heads on the bus out of paradise.


